Details of My Skills
Welcome team! This questionnaire helps us understand your educational background, technical skills, certifications, and project exposure. Your responses will help us maintain an accurate record of your skills and expertise, ensuring we can match you with the right opportunities within Genpact.
Hi, Prakhar. When you submit this form, the owner will see your name and email address.
Required
1.Employee ID (OHR)
Please enter your official employee identification number.
703440062
2.Full Name
Enter your name as per official records.
Prakhar Agrawal
3.Current Location
Enter your answer
4.Highest Degree Earned
E.g., B.Tech, M.Sc, MBA, etc.
B.Tech
5.Specialization/Stream
What was your major area of study?
Computer Science And Engineering
6.Technical Skills
List the programming languages, platforms, and databases you are most comfortable with.
Java, Spring Framework, Java Database Connectivity, JWT Security, React.js, JavaScript, MySQL, Git, JUnit, Jenkins   
7.Certifications
Mention any relevant certifications you have completed.
Data Visualization, Agentic AI, Generative AI
8.AI Skills & Exposure
Share details if you have any understanding or exposure to AI-related skills.
Completed Intermediate‑level training in Agentic AI and Beginner‑level training in Generative AI.
9.Domain/Functional Knowledge
Mention any specific domain or functional knowledge you possess.
Enter your answer
10.Skills Trained at Genpact
List the skills you have been trained in during your time at Genpact.
Enter your answer
11.Academic/Internship Projects
Please provide: 1. Project Name 2. One-line description 3. Technologies used 4. Your role.
Enter your answer
12.Projects at Genpact
Share details of any project you have worked on at Genpact.
Enter your answer
13.One-Pager Profile Upload
 (Non-anonymous question
)
Create your one-pager profile as per the template attached in the mail. Also, send your profile to Jitendra Sood (Jitendra.Sood@genpact.com).

Upload file
File number limit: 1
Single file size limit: 10MB
Allowed file types: Word, Excel, PPT, PDF, Image, Video, Audio
Submit
